Did you hear about the optometrist who fell into a lens grinder and made a spectacle of himself?
It's OK to watch an elephant bathe as they usually have their trunks on.
An elephant's opinion carries a lot of weight.
Energizer Bunny arrested -- charged with battery.
The duck said to the bartender, 'Put it on my bill.'
In the winter my dog wears his coat, but in the summer he wears his coat and pants.
Male deer have buck teeth.
A horse is a very stable animal.
I was going to tell you a joke about a blunt arrow but really there is no point.
I used to go out with a girl the was secretly obsessed with graphs. She was always plotting behind my back.
My bakery burned down last night, and now my business is toast.
I’m no photographer, but I can picture us together.
The experienced carpenter really nailed it.
Apple is designing a new automatic car, but they’re having trouble installing windows.
I wonder how letters ever get to the recipient when the envelopes are stationery.
I was fired from my first job working in an orange juice factory but was fired because i couldn't concentrate.
There was once a cross-eyed teacher who couldn’t control his pupils.
My math teacher called me average. How mean!
The bee got married when he found his honey.
I used to be a banker but I lost interest.
Insect puns bug me.
My leaf blower doesn’t work, it sucks.
I bought shoes from a drug dealer and I've been tripping all day.
Prisoners use cell phones to call each other
Cinderella was thrown off the basketball team because she ran away from the ball.
I'd tell you a chemistry joke but I know I wouldn't get a reaction.
I couldn't work out how to fasten my seat belt, but then it clicked. 
An optometrist fell into a lens grinder and made a spectacle of himself.
Two antennas got married; the ceremony wasn't much, but the reception was excellent. 
I stayed up all night to see where the sun went, and then it dawned on me.
A man broke his ankle while tap dancing in the sink.
The earthquake in Washington obviously was the government’s fault.
Gardeners always know the ground rules.
The coffee tasted like mud because it was fresh ground. 
I used to work for a blanket factory, but the company folded.
He had a photographic memory that was never developed.
Relocating to a new home can be a moving experience.
He fell asleep under the chandelier because he was a light sleeper.
Two banks with different rates have a conflict of interest.
I used to sell computer parts, but then I lost my drive.
There was a bear that was hit by an 18-wheeler; it was a grizzly accident.
People either laugh at chemistry jokes or they don't react.
Driving on so many turnpikes is taking its toll.
A dog gave birth to puppies near the road and was cited for littering.
Why do ambassadors never get sick because of immunity.
The best way to communicate with a fish is to drop them a line.
A bicycle can stand on its own even when its tired.
I used to sell high heels, till they gave me the boot.
Old swords never rust, they just lose their temper.
Old sewage workers never die, they just waste away.
Broken calculators almost work, they just lose their figures.
We’re going on a class trip to the Coca-Cola factory, hopefully there’s no pop quiz.
Old laser physicists never die, they just become incoherent.
Cannibals don't eat clowns because they taste funny.
I've been to the dentist several times so I know the drill.
I used to date a sanitation engineer, but I was dumped. 
She was only a whisky maker, but he loved her still.
Old numerical analysts never die, they just get disarrayed.
Why is your hand similar to a hardware store? Because it has nails.


Old tanners never die, they just go into hiding.
All you can get from a pampered cow is spoiled milk. 
A hacker's relationship always ends in bits 
Babies of basketball players are always dribbling.
The dead batteries were given out free of charge.
An expert farmer is very well known in his field.
I thought about becoming a witch, so I tried it for a spell. 
Celebrities are cool because of all their fans.
The teacher was fired for sleeping with a student; after that, he had no class.
My cavity wasn't fixed by my regular dentist, but by a guy who was filling in.
Our social studies teacher says that her globe means the world to her.
You think he can pull off those tight pants?
Lightning misbehaves because it's not sure how to conduct itself.
The seer couldn't predict the future once she went blind because she lost her vision.
When you pour cement on a burglar, you get a hardened criminal.
The leopard moved away, so he changed his spots.
How many sides does a circle have? Two: an inside and an outside.
Did you hear about the optician was giddy after only two glasses.
You must know lots to be an auctioneer.
The wasp told the bee to buzz off.
Fingers can only grow on palm trees.
The noodle was very stressed and tried not to strain itself.
Gullible instruments get played often.
I used to work in a coffee shop, but I got tired of the daily grind.
Cartoonist found dead in home. Details are sketchy.
I don't like mechanical keyboards, they're not my type.
Rivers are always rich becaus they have two banks.
I used to be a baker, but I didn't make enough dough.
The tightrope walker was so upset someone stole his money that he lost his balance.
The kids playing tennis were making a racket.
He didn't date laywers, they always lost their appeal.
Speaking ill of the dead is a grave mistake.
A cow with no legs is ground beef.
When she told me I was average, she was just being mean.
I tried looking for gold, but it didn't pan out.
Every calendar's days are numbered.
The math professor went crazy with the blackboard. He did a number on it.
What did the toy store sign say? Don't feed the animals. They are already stuffed.
The theory about earthquakes was shakey
Wheat farmers are people cut from a different grain
I need you to stall him in the bathroom a while
Me and geology have a rocky relationship

